Get out of the way, did you spread rumors?
Don't put gold on your face
I don't have time to spend with a lady like you
I make money by my ability
Not like you.
Find any man and you will have money to spend
I advise you
Get out of here
Or else?
I have countless ways to get you out of here
Why?
Wu Junjun, Mr. Chen calls you to his office
Mr. Chen, are you looking for me? What's the matter with your home recently?
No, why do you ask that?
Well, let me ask you where you were last night
I went home last night.
lie
Take a good look at yourself. What is this?
I see.
You'd better give me a reasonable explanation.
No, what does this have to do with you?
Why does Mr. Chen interfere in my private life?
So what they say is true
I'd rather think so
I don't know why.
A picture of me and my brother will be posted like this
Your brother, I was kicked out of my comfort zone
I had nowhere to go.
So my brother took me to open a hotel
I don't know why.
This is how it's going to go.
Okay, here's the rest.
Leave it to me.